[SOUND] Now, if you want to retrieve
certain data, for
example, if you want to get somebody's
name from the
user, then you're using the exact same
function that we
used before, however we have to assign it
to a variable.
So I'm going to assign it to a variable
called data.
I'm going to just do input.
And I'll do what's.
Your name.
Now if you can see here I've had to escape
the actual
apostrophe, cuz I'm going to be using an
apostrophe for the actual string.
Now that's a very simple sort of concept,
but if you want to use the same sort
of, query within the actual string, you
need to
escape here, which I've covered in a
previous chapter.
Now, here you can also notice I've done
back
slash end, that is to create a new line.
If you don't do this, then it creates it
it asks you for your
input on the same line as the actual data,
which I'll show you first, actually.
[SOUND].
So now, if I do print and then I do Hello
and now we have to do
format and data to input the data into our
print command.
If we do this and ask me what my name is.
You can see the cursor is on this line
here, and if I
type my name Alex it says hello Alex which
is what you would expect.
However it's quite user unfriendly to have
it on the same line.
And that is what the backward slash end
does.
And then I hover over this again, it asks
me what my name
is, but you can see that the cursor is on
the line below.
And if I was to insert Alex Bowers, then
it says hello, Alex Bowers.
So this is exactly what'd you expect to
happen, and this
is how you're gonna save and retrieve data
using an input.
So if I was to say what's your favorite
number, and then I could do, your number
times 20, and the data of what you're.
And then I'll do data times by data is
equal to.
Okay you can do times equal which is the
same as data equals data times number.
So if I do data times equal number.
And, then all you need to do is do that.
Now it's identical to doing data is equal
to data,
times number, however, it's just a shorter
way of writing it.
And, there are multiple ones of these,
which
is the plus equals, divide equals, and so
on.
So, there's plenty of these sort of,
assignment operators, which have a symbol
in front of it, which
will allow you to quickly run a certain
mathematical command on it.
So now you can see it asks what my
favorite number is.
If I were to insert 15, then it says your
favorite number times 20.
And I should
have put in the curly brackets.
Now we want this again and put number
15, you'll see that my, favorite, that's
not right.
Okay, that inputs it as a string, we need
to type
cast it as an integer, and then if we
witness again.
[BLANK_AUDIO]
[SOUND] There we go, now the reason why
we contact cost actual input is being an
integer.
It's because you are receiving it as a
string, you need to converted afterwards.
So, if we converted down here, you see
that we get integer is equal
to, data is equal an integer of data which
is a previous data here.
And, now we, we can't convert this to an
integer now, because
of the fact that it is no longer being
retrieved as a string.
And then we can times it by 20.
So what I said, I mentioned a moment ago
about having
it times equal here, would not actually
work in this instance.
However, what you could do from now on if
you wanted to
times it by 20 again for example, you
could do it now
with the extra [INAUDIBLE].
And if we run that now,.
And have 15, then now you can see where it
works now.
So, the only reason why it wouldn't work
before
is, because we need tight this as an
integer.
So, thank you for watching, and I will see
you in the next video.
[MUSIC]